Provisioning Manager Tool

Contents:
* Project modules
* CLI commands
* Building and launching the tool


PROJECT MODULES


MODULE: pm-parent

  Defines main version and common dependencies of the project.


MODULE: feature-pack-api

  General provisioning and feature-pack API.
  

MODULE: wildfly-feature-pack-api

  WildFly-specific provisioning and feature-pack API is basically a façade
  over the general provisioning and feature-pack API which makes
  it easier to build WildFly-specific provisioning config.


MODULE: feature-pack-build-maven-plugin

  Maven Mojo implementations (i.e. goals in Maven plugins).
   

MODULE: tool

  Command line interface which allows to:
  
  - build feature-packs and install them into the Maven repository;
  
  - provision an installation by pulling the feature-packs from the
    Maven repository and installing them at the specified location.

  The Maven assembly plug-in is configured to create a single executable JAR
  file which contains all the dependencies.


CLI COMMANDS


COMMAND feature-pack --action install

  Builds a feature pack for the specified WildFly-based installation and
  installs the feature pack into the Maven repository.
  
  Arguments:
  
  --install-dir  - filesystem path to the WildFly-based installation for which
                   the feature pack should be built.

  --workdir      - optional, useful for debugging, specifies the work directory
                   used by the tool to layout feature packs before ZIPing
                   and installing into the maven repository. The directory is
                   not automatically removed when the tool has finished
                   the task.
                   If the argument is not specified, a random temporary
                   directory will be created instead and removed after the tool
                   has finished the task.

COMMAND pm

  Provisions an installation at the specified location by reading its
  specification from the specified provisioning XML file.
  
  Arguments:
  
  --provisioning-xml  - filesystem path to the provisioning XML file which
                        defines an installation in terms of the feature-packs.

  --install-dir       - root directory for the installation to be provisioned.
 
 
 BUILDING AND LAUNCHING THE TOOL
 
   The tool can be built by executing the following Maven command:
   
   mvn clean install
   
   The executable JAR will be built in pm/tool/target/pm-tool.jar
   
   There is also a convenience do.sh script in the root directory
   of the project. If executed w/o arguments, it'll build and launch the tool.
   
   './do.sh package' will only build the tool.
   './do.sh run' will only launch the already built tool.